victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Ablett
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harold_Ackroyd
victoria-cross-recipients                 Abraham_Acton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Augustus_Agar
victoria-cross-recipients                 Herman_Albrecht
victoria-cross-recipients                 Michael_Allmand
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Amey
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Angus
victoria-cross-recipients                 Richard_Annand
victoria-cross-recipients                 Augustus_Anson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Adam_Archibald
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Atkinson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harold_Auten
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Axford
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Babtie
victoria-cross-recipients                 Albert_Ball
victoria-cross-recipients                 Valentine_Bambrick
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Bamford
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Barber
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Barratt
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Barter
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Baskeyfield
victoria-cross-recipients                 Sidney_Bates
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Batten-Pooll
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Beach
victoria-cross-recipients                 Andrew_Beauchamp-Proctor
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Beeley
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Bees
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Beesley
victoria-cross-recipients                 Johnson_Beharry
victoria-cross-recipients                 Richard_Bell-Davies
victoria-cross-recipients                 Philip_Bent
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Bergin
victoria-cross-recipients                 Bertram_Best-Dunkley
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Bingham
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Birks
victoria-cross-recipients                 Billy_Bishop
victoria-cross-recipients                 Abraham_Boulger
victoria-cross-recipients                 Jean_Brillant
victoria-cross-recipients                 Gonville_Bromhead
victoria-cross-recipients                 Cuthbert_Bromley
victoria-cross-recipients                 Oliver_Brooks
victoria-cross-recipients                 Sam_Browne
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Brunt
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Buckingham
victoria-cross-recipients                 Bryan_Budd
victoria-cross-recipients                 Redvers_Buller
victoria-cross-recipients                 Daniel_Burges
victoria-cross-recipients                 Nathaniel_Burslem
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alexander_Burton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Christopher_Bushell
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Bythesea
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Cadell
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Caffrey
victoria-cross-recipients                 Laurence_Calvert
victoria-cross-recipients                 Daniel_Cambridge
victoria-cross-recipients                 Kenneth_Campbell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Patrick_Carlin
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Carmichael
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Carne
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Carpenter
victoria-cross-recipients                 Adrian_Carton_de_Wiart
victoria-cross-recipients                 Geoffrey_Cather
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harry_Cator
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Champion
victoria-cross-recipients                 Leonard_Cheshire
victoria-cross-recipients                 Albert_Chowne
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harry_Christian
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Clamp
victoria-cross-recipients                 Leo_Clarke
victoria-cross-recipients                 Brett_Cloutman
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alexander_Cobbe
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Coffey
victoria-cross-recipients                 Clifford_Coffin
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Collis
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hugh_Colvin
victoria-cross-recipients                 Billy_Congreve
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Connors
victoria-cross-recipients                 Walter_Cook
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Corbett
victoria-cross-recipients                 Jack_Cornwell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Aubrey_Cosens
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Cosgrove
victoria-cross-recipients                 Cornelius_Coughlan
victoria-cross-recipients                 Gabriel_Coury
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Crimmin
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Crisp
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Cruickshank
victoria-cross-recipients                 Victor_Crutchley
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Currey
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Curtis
victoria-cross-recipients                 Philip_Curtis
victoria-cross-recipients                 Roden_Cutler
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Dalziel
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Danaher
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harry_Daniels
victoria-cross-recipients                 Philip_Davey
victoria-cross-recipients                 Gronow_Davis
victoria-cross-recipients                 Maurice_Dease
victoria-cross-recipients                 Denis_Dempsey
victoria-cross-recipients                 Tom_Derrick
victoria-cross-recipients                 Collingwood_Dickson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Dinesen
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Divane
victoria-cross-recipients                 Dennis_Donnini
victoria-cross-recipients                 Patrick_Donohoe
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Doogan
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Downie
victoria-cross-recipients                 Martin_Doyle
victoria-cross-recipients                 Tom_Dresser
victoria-cross-recipients                 Geoffrey_Drummond
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Dundas
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Dunlay
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Dunsire
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Dunstan
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Dwyer
victoria-cross-recipients                 Denis_Dynon
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alexander_Edwards
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hughie_Edwards
victoria-cross-recipients                 Wilfred_Edwards
victoria-cross-recipients                 Keith_Elliott
victoria-cross-recipients                 Neville_Elliott-Cooper
victoria-cross-recipients                 Wilfrith_Elstob
victoria-cross-recipients                 Eugene_Esmonde
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Findlater
victoria-cross-recipients                 David_Finlay
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Firth
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Fisher
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_FitzClarence
victoria-cross-recipients                 Richard_Fitzgerald
victoria-cross-recipients                 Andrew_Fitzgibbon
victoria-cross-recipients                 Francis_Fitzpatrick
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Flawn
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Fleming-Sandes
victoria-cross-recipients                 Gordon_Flowerdew
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Forbes-Robertson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Samuel_Forsyth
victoria-cross-recipients                 Samuel_Frickleton
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Fynn
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Louis_Aaron
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_William_Adams
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Bellew_Adams
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Addison_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Addison_(chaplain)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Tom_Edwin_Adlam
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Robertson_Aikman
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Hope_Moncrieff_Aitken
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ernest_Wright_Alexander
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Alexander_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Wallace_Lloyd_Algie
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Barnsley_Allen
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Wilson_Allen
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Anderson_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Groves_Wright_Anderson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Eric_Anderson_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Thompson_McKellar_Anderson
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Anderson_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Herbert_Anderson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Leslie_Andrew
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_John_Andrews
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Elsdon_Ashford
victoria-cross-recipients                 Sir_Fenton_Aylmer,_13th_Baronet
victoria-cross-recipients                 Peter_John_Badcoe
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_George_Baker
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_George_Hawtry_Bankes
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_George_Barker
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Cridlan_Barrett
victoria-cross-recipients                 Colin_Fraser_Barron
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Barry_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Cyril_Joe_Barton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Cyril_Royston_Guyton_Bassett
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Felix_Baxter
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frank_William_Baxter
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ian_Willoughby_Bazalgette
victoria-cross-recipients                 Daniel_Marcus_William_Beak
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ernest_Frederick_Beal
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Matthew_Beatham
victoria-cross-recipients                 Stephen_Halden_Beattie
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harry_Churchill_Beet
victoria-cross-recipients                 Douglas_Walter_Belcher
victoria-cross-recipients                 David_Bell_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Donald_Simpson_Bell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_William_Derrington_Bell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Eric_Norman_Frankland_Bell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_William_Bell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Mark_Sever_Bell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Donald_Bellew
victoria-cross-recipients                 Eugene_Paul_Bennett
victoria-cross-recipients                 Spencer_John_Bent
victoria-cross-recipients                 Lord_William_Beresford
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Berryman_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Hutton_Bisdee
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Davidson_Bissett
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Seaforth_Blackburn
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Blair_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Blair_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frank_Gerald_Blaker
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Anderson_Bloomfield
victoria-cross-recipients                 Andrew_Cathcart_Bogle
victoria-cross-recipients                 Guy_Hudleston_Boisragon
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_George_Bonner
victoria-cross-recipients                 Anthony_Clarke_Booth
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Charles_Booth
victoria-cross-recipients                 Albert_Chalmers_Borella
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Borton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Stanley_Henry_Parry_Boughey
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Ewart_Boulter
victoria-cross-recipients                 Claud_Thomas_Bourchier
victoria-cross-recipients                 Roland_Richard_Louis_Bourke
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Boyd-Rochfort
victoria-cross-recipients                 Duncan_Gordon_Boyes
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Courtney_Boyle
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Kinder_Bradbury
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Nicholson_Bradford
victoria-cross-recipients                 Roland_Boys_Bradford
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Henry_Bradley
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Bradshaw_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Joseph_Charles_Brennan
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alexander_Picton_Brereton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Walter_Lorrain_Brodie
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Anson_Otho_Brooke
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Brooks_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Donald_Forrester_Brown
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Douglas_Brown
victoria-cross-recipients                 Francis_David_Millet_Brown
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harry_W._Brown
victoria-cross-recipients                 Peter_Brown_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Walter_Ernest_Brown
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Stevenson_Browne
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Bruce_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Bryan_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Crawford_Buchan
victoria-cross-recipients                 Angus_Buchanan_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alexander_Henry_Buckley
victoria-cross-recipients                 Cecil_William_Buckley
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Buckley_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Maurice_Vincent_Buckley
victoria-cross-recipients                 Patrick_Joseph_Bugden
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hugh_Talbot_Burgoyne
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Francis_Burman
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Alexander_Burt
victoria-cross-recipients                 Richard_Henry_Burton
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Fitzhardinge_Paul_Butler
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Adair_Butler
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Boynton_Butler
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Bye
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Byrne_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Byrne_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Byrne_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Martin_Cafe
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Henry_Cain
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Albert_Cairns
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hugh_Cairns_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Caldwell_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Aylmer_Cameron
victoria-cross-recipients                 Donald_Cameron_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_William_Campbell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Gordon_Campbell_(Royal_Navy_officer)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Charles_Campbell
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Vaughan_Campbell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Lorne_MacLaine_Campbell
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Henry_Carless
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Carroll_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Herbert_Augustine_Carter
victoria-cross-recipients                 Nelson_Victor_Carter
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Cartwright_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Bernard_Matthew_Cassidy
victoria-cross-recipients                 Claude_Charles_Castleton
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Edward_Cates
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_William_Chafer
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Nicolas_Channer
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Worthy_Chaplin
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Thomas_Chapman
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Chard
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Colquhoun_Charlton
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_St._Lucien_Chase
victoria-cross-recipients                 Percy_Herbert_Cherry
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Bell_Chicken
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Alexander_Christie
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_William_Burdett_Clare
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Clarke_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Hew_Clark-Kennedy
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_James_Clements
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Hugh_Clifford
victoria-cross-recipients                 Herbert_Mackworth_Clogstoun
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hugh_Stewart_Cochrane
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hampden_Zane_Churchill_Cockburn
victoria-cross-recipients                 Nevill_Coghill_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Coleman_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harold_John_Colley
victoria-cross-recipients                 Joseph_Henry_Collin
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Stanhope_Collings-Wells
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Collins_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Harold_Coltman
victoria-cross-recipients                 Herbert_George_Columbine
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Morris_Colquhoun_Colvin
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Riversdale_Colyer-Fergusson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Grierson_Combe
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Edmund_Commerell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Walter_Norris_Congreve
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Connolly_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Augustus_Conolly
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Cook_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Cooke_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edger_Christopher_Cookson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Cooper_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Cooper_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Cooper_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_George_Coppins
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edmund_Costello
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Reginald_Cotter
victoria-cross-recipients                 Gustavus_Hamilton_Blenkinsopp_Coulson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Jack_Thomas_Counter
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Harry_Coverdale
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Henry_Cowley
victoria-cross-recipients                 Christopher_Augustus_Cox
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Craig_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Manson_Craig
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harry_George_Crandon
victoria-cross-recipients                 O'Moore_Creagh
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Joseph_Crean
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Crichton_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Bernard_Croak
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Henry_Cross
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_James_Crowe
victoria-cross-recipients                 Joseph_Petrus_Hendrik_Crowe
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Edward_Cruickshank
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_George_Cubitt
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Edward_Cumming
victoria-cross-recipients                 Sir_William_Montgomery-Cuninghame,_9th_Baronet
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Cunningham_(English_VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Cunningham_(Irish_VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 David_Vivian_Currie
victoria-cross-recipients                 Albert_Edward_Curtis
victoria-cross-recipients                 Horace_Augustus_Curtis
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Langley_Dalton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_George_Dancox
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_St_John_Daniel
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Cecil_Dudgeon_D'arcy
victoria-cross-recipients                 Wilbur_Taylor_Dartnell
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Daunt
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Llewellyn_Davies
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Thomas_Davies
victoria-cross-recipients                 Joseph_John_Davies
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Davis_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Lennox_Dawson
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Fiott_Day
victoria-cross-recipients                 Sidney_James_Day
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Brunton_Daykins
victoria-cross-recipients                 Raymond_Harvey_Lodge_Joseph_De_Montmorency
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frank_Alexander_de_Pass
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edmund_De_Wind
victoria-cross-recipients                 Donald_John_Dean
victoria-cross-recipients                 Percy_Thompson_Dean
victoria-cross-recipients                 Bernard_Diamond_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Henry_Dick-Cunyngham
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_James_Thomas_Digby-Jones
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Henry_Stephen_Dimmer
victoria-cross-recipients                 Matthew_Charles_Dixon
victoria-cross-recipients                 Claude_Congreve_Dobson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_William_Dobson
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Thomas_Dorrell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Eric_Stuart_Dougall
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Hotham_Montagu_Doughty-Wylie
victoria-cross-recipients                 Campbell_Mellis_Douglas
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Edward_Manning_Douglas
victoria-cross-recipients                 Angus_Falconer_Douglas-Hamilton
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Dare_Dowell
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Dowling_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Thornton_Down
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alexis_Charles_Doxat
victoria-cross-recipients                 Job_Henry_Charles_Drain
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_George_Drake
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Leslie_Drewry
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Duffy_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Duffy_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederic_Brooks_Dugdale
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alexander_Roberts_Dunn
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Dunville
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Edward_Durrant
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Frank_Durrant
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_James_Dwyer
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Harold_Eardley
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Hurst_Edmondson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Jeremiah_Edwards
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Edwards_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Mordaunt_Marsh_Edwards
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ernest_Albert_Egerton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Roland_Edward_Elcock
victoria-cross-recipients                 Howard_Craufurd_Elphinstone
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Cockayne_Elton
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Samuel_Emerson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_William_Engleheart
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_John_English
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_MacLaren_Erskine
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harold_Marcus_Ervine-Andrews
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Esmonde_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Evans_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Evans_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Lewis_Pugh_Evans
victoria-cross-recipients                 Samuel_Evans_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Donald_Dickson_Farmer
victoria-cross-recipients                 Joseph_John_Farmer
victoria-cross-recipients                 Francis_Farquharson
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Farrell_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Frederick_Faulds
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Stephen_Fogarty_Fegen
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Kirke_Ffrench
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alexander_Murray,_8th_Earl_of_Dunmore
victoria-cross-recipients                 Norman_Augustus_Finch
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_de_Cardonnel_Elmsall_Findlay
victoria-cross-recipients                 Humphrey_Osbaldston_Brooke_Firman
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Flinn
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Robert_Bowreman_Foote
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Weir_Foote
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Forrest_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Thomas_Forshaw
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Fosbery
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Calveley_Foss
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Foster_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edmund_John_Fowler
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Craufurd_Fraser
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ian_Edward_Fraser
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Freeman_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Alexander_French
victoria-cross-recipients                 Bernard_Freyberg,_1st_Baron_Freyberg
victoria-cross-recipients                 Cyril_Hubert_Frisby
victoria-cross-recipients                 Wilfred_Dolby_Fuller
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Charles_Fuller
victoria-cross-recipients                 Christopher_Furness_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Stephen_Garvin
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Gee
victoria-cross-recipients                 Guy_Gibson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Albert_Gill
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Goate
victoria-cross-recipients                 Gerald_Goodlake
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Gosling
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Grady
victoria-cross-recipients                 Gerald_Graham
victoria-cross-recipients                 Fred_Greaves
victoria-cross-recipients                 Patrick_Green
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harry_Greenwood
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Gristock
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Grogan
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Hackett
victoria-cross-recipients                 Joel_Halliwell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Albert_Halton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harry_Hampton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Percy_Hansen
victoria-cross-recipients                 Israel_Harding
victoria-cross-recipients                 Theodore_Hardy
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Hartigan
victoria-cross-recipients                 Francis_Harvey
victoria-cross-recipients                 Norman_Harvey
victoria-cross-recipients                 Samuel_Harvey
victoria-cross-recipients                 Lanoe_Hawker
victoria-cross-recipients                 David_Hawkes
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Hawthorne
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Heaphy
victoria-cross-recipients                 Michael_Heaviside
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Hewitson
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Hills-Johnes
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Hinckley
victoria-cross-recipients                 Jack_Hinton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Hitch
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Hobson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Samuel_Hodge
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Hollis
victoria-cross-recipients                 Stanley_Hollis
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Hollowell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Joel_Holmes
victoria-cross-recipients                 Mathew_Hughes
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Hull
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Hulme
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Humpston
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Hutt
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Ingouville
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Irwin
victoria-cross-recipients                 Albert_Jacka
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Jackman
victoria-cross-recipients                 Herbert_James
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Jarratt
victoria-cross-recipients                 Joseph_Jee
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alan_Jerrard
victoria-cross-recipients                 Eustace_Jotham
victoria-cross-recipients                 Joseph_Kaeble
victoria-cross-recipients                 Joseph_Kellaway
victoria-cross-recipients                 Richard_Kelliher
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Kells
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Keneally
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Kenna
victoria-cross-recipients                 Leonard_Keysor
victoria-cross-recipients                 Bruce_Kingsbury
victoria-cross-recipients                 Filip_Konowal
victoria-cross-recipients                 Daniel_Laidlaw
victoria-cross-recipients                 Anders_Lassen
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Laughnan
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Leak
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frank_Lester
victoria-cross-recipients                 Isaac_Lodge
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arnold_Loosemore
victoria-cross-recipients                 David_Lord
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Luke
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Lumley
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Lynn
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Lysons
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_MacDonald
victoria-cross-recipients                 Donald_Macintyre
victoria-cross-recipients                 Donald_MacKintosh
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_MacTier
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ambrose_Madden
victoria-cross-recipients                 Michael_Magner
victoria-cross-recipients                 Patrick_Mahoney
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Mannock
victoria-cross-recipients                 Conwyn_Mansel-Jones
victoria-cross-recipients                 Percival_Marling
victoria-cross-recipients                 Joseph_Maxwell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Mayo
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_McAulay
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_McBean
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_McBeath
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_McCorrie
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_McCudden
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_McDermond
victoria-cross-recipients                 Samuel_McGaw
victoria-cross-recipients                 Lewis_McGee
victoria-cross-recipients                 Roderick_McGregor
victoria-cross-recipients                 Louis_McGuffie
victoria-cross-recipients                 Patrick_McHale
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hugh_McInnes
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hugh_McIver
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ian_McKay
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_McKechnie
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_McKenna
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hugh_McKenzie
victoria-cross-recipients                 Peter_McManus
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_McNally
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_McNess
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_McPhie
victoria-cross-recipients                 Bernard_McQuirt
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_McWheeney
victoria-cross-recipients                 Samuel_Meekosha
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Meikle
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Mellish
victoria-cross-recipients                 Teignmouth_Melvill
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Melvin
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Merrifield
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Merritt
victoria-cross-recipients                 Godfrey_Meynell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ron_Middleton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Anthony_Miers
victoria-cross-recipients                 Duncan_Millar
victoria-cross-recipients                 Walter_Mills
victoria-cross-recipients                 Martin_Moffat
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Monaghan
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Monger
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Morrow
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Mottershead
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Mouat
victoria-cross-recipients                 Albert_Mountain
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Moyney
victoria-cross-recipients                 Andrew_Moynihan
victoria-cross-recipients                 Patrick_Mullane
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harry_Murray
victoria-cross-recipients                 Patrick_Mylott
victoria-cross-recipients                 Andrew_Mynarski
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Edward_Gaby
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Gardiner_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Philip_John_Gardner
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Gardner_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Ernest_Garforth
victoria-cross-recipients                 Donald_Edward_Garland
victoria-cross-recipients                 Benjamin_Handley_Geary
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edric_Gifford,_3rd_Baron_Gifford
victoria-cross-recipients                 Peter_Gill_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Horace_Henry_Glasock
victoria-cross-recipients                 Sidney_Frank_Godley
victoria-cross-recipients                 Herman_James_Good
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Augustus_Goodfellow
victoria-cross-recipients                 Bernard_Sidney_Gordon
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Heather_Gordon
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Eagleson_Gordon
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_James_Gordon
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_George_Gore-Browne
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Vaughan_Gorle
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Gorman_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_John_Stanley_Gough
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hugh_Henry_Gough
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Gough_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_William_Gould
victoria-cross-recipients                 Cyril_Edward_Gourley
victoria-cross-recipients                 Patrick_Graham_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Sir_John_Graham,_3rd_Baronet
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_James_William_Grant
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Duncan_Grant
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Gildroy_Grant
victoria-cross-recipients                 Peter_Grant_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Grant_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Percival_Eric_Gratwick
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Hampton_Gray
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Gray_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Hollington_Grayburn
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Leslie_Green
victoria-cross-recipients                 Milton_Fowler_Gregg
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Gregg_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Francis_Octavius_Grenfell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Julian_Royds_Gribble
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Grieve_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Cuthbert_Grieve
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Griffiths_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Henry_Grimbaldeston
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Elisha_Grimshaw
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Christopher_Guise
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Ward_Gunn
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Stanley_Gurney
victoria-cross-recipients                 Basil_John_Douglas_Guy
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Bernard_Hackett
victoria-cross-recipients                 Reginald_Leonard_Haine
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Egerton_Hale
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Charles_Hall
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_William_Hall
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Hall_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Lewis_Stratford_Tollemache_Halliday
victoria-cross-recipients                 Rupert_Price_Hallowes
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Brown_Hamilton
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Patrick_Hamilton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_de_Courcy_Hamilton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Walter_Hamilton_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_George_Hammond
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Hancock_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Hill_Hanna
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Hannah_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Eric_Harden
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_James_Hardham
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hastings_Edward_Harington
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Pennington_Harman
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_William_Harper
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_James_Harris
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Leyland_Harrison
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Harrison_(VC_1857)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Harrison_(VC_1917)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Reginald_Clare_Hart
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edmund_Barron_Hartley
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Maurice_Watson_Harvey
victoria-cross-recipients                 Jack_Harvey_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Sir_Henry_Havelock-Allan,_1st_Baronet
victoria-cross-recipients                 Reginald_Frederick_Johnson_Hayward
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Spencer_Heathcote
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Edward_Heaton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_William_Hedges
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Henderson_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Elers_Delaval_Henderson
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Stuart_Henderson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Herbert_Stephen_Henderson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Clement_Walker_Heneage
victoria-cross-recipients                 Andrew_Henry_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Cecil_Herring
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Nathan_Wrighte_Hewett
victoria-cross-recipients                 Dennis_George_Wyldbore_Hewitt
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Henry_Hewitt
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alan_Richard_Hill
victoria-cross-recipients                 Albert_Hill_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Samuel_Hill_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 David_Philip_Hirsch
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Ferguson_Hoey
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Hogan_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Norman_Douglas_Holbrook
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_James_Gibson_Holland
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Vincent_Holland
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_William_Holmes
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_William_Holmes
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Edgar_Holmes
victoria-cross-recipients                 Anthony_Dickson_Home
victoria-cross-recipients                 Duncan_Charles_Home
victoria-cross-recipients                 Samuel_Lewis_Honey
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Henry_Hook
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Hope_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alexander_Hore-Ruthven,_1st_Earl_of_Gowrie
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ernest_George_Horlock
victoria-cross-recipients                 David_Ernest_Hornell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Basil_Arthur_Horsfall
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alec_George_Horwood
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_John_House
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Julian_Howell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Neville_Howse
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Edward_Hudson
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Palmer_Huffam
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Hughes_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 David_Ferguson_Hunter
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Peck_Hunter
victoria-cross-recipients                 Bellenden_Seymour_Hutcheson
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Hutchinson_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Ernest_Ind
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Ingram
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edgar_Thomas_Inkson
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_John_McLeod_Innes
victoria-cross-recipients                 Gilbert_Stuart_Martin_Insall
victoria-cross-recipients                 Reginald_Roy_Inwood
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harold_Jackson_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Norman_Cyril_Jackson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Norman_Jackson
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Jackson_(Victoria_Cross)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Manley_Angell_James
victoria-cross-recipients                 David_Auldjo_Jamieson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hanson_Chambers_Taylor_Jarrett
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Alfred_Jarvis
victoria-cross-recipients                 Francis_Arthur_Jefferson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Clarence_Smith_Jeffries
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Jennings_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Jørgen_Christian_Jensen
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Edward_Jerome
victoria-cross-recipients                 Dudley_Graham_Johnson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Henry_Johnson
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Bulmer_Johnson
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Henry_Johnson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Johnston_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Henry_Johnston
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Johnstone_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Stowell_Jones
victoria-cross-recipients                 David_Jones_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Mitchell_Jones
victoria-cross-recipients                 'H'._Jones
victoria-cross-recipients                 Loftus_William_Jones
victoria-cross-recipients                 Richard_Basil_Brandram_Jones
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Jones_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Alfred_Jones
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Jones_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Donovan_Joynt
victoria-cross-recipients                 Reginald_Stanley_Judson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Henry_Kavanagh
victoria-cross-recipients                 Richard_Harte_Keatinge
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Kelly_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Paul_Aloysius_Kenna
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Patrick_Kenneally
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Thomas_Kennedy
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Edward_Kenny
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Kenny_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Kenny_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_James_Bede_Kenny
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Kenny_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_David_Kenny
victoria-cross-recipients                 Allan_Ebenezer_Ker
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Fraser_Kerr
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Chipman_Kerr
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Alexander_Kerr
victoria-cross-recipients                 Geoffrey_Charles_Tasker_Keyes
victoria-cross-recipients                 Leonard_James_Keyworth
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Henry_Kibby
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Forbes_Gordon_Kilby
victoria-cross-recipients                 Cecil_John_Kinross
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frank_Howard_Kirby
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Kirk_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Kirk_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Joseph_Knight
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_George_Knight
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_James_Knight
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Arthur_Knowland
victoria-cross-recipients                 Cecil_Leonard_Knox
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Simpson_Knox
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alexander_Malins_Lafone
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Lambert_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Lane_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Moore_Lascelles
victoria-cross-recipients                 David_Ross_Lauder
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harry_John_Laurent
victoria-cross-recipients                 Brian_Turner_Tom_Lawrence
victoria-cross-recipients                 Samuel_Hill_Lawrence
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Lawson_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Herbert_Wallace_Le_Patourel
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ferdinand_Simeon_Le_Quesne
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Pemberton_Leach
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Leach_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Nigel_Gray_Leakey
victoria-cross-recipients                 Okill_Massey_Learmonth
victoria-cross-recipients                 Roderick_Alastair_Brook_Learoyd
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Knox_Leet
victoria-cross-recipients                 Peter_Leitch_(soldier)
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Leith_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_James_Lendrim
victoria-cross-recipients                 Wilbraham_Lennox
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edmund_Henry_Lenon
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hubert_William_Lewis
victoria-cross-recipients                 Leonard_Allan_Lewis
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ian_Oswald_Liddell
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Aidan_Liddell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Loyd-Lindsay,_1st_Baron_Wantage
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Wallace_Linton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Joseph_Lister_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Owen_Edward_Pennefather_Lloyd
victoria-cross-recipients                 Stewart_Walter_Loudoun-Shand
victoria-cross-recipients                 Albert_David_Lowerson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Davis_Lucas
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Lucas_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_William_Lumsden
victoria-cross-recipients                 Graham_Thomson_Lyall
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Lyell,_2nd_Baron_Lyell
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Lyons_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harry_Hammon_Lyster
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thain_Wendell_MacDowell
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_MacGregor_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 David_Lowe_MacIntyre
victoria-cross-recipients                 David_MacKay_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Frederick_MacKay
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_MacKenzie_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Mackenzie_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Bernard_Mackey
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hector_Lachlan_Stewart_MacLean
victoria-cross-recipients                 Herbert_Taylor_MacPherson
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Joseph_Magennis
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Keefer_Mahony
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Job_Maillard
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hugh_Gordon_Malcolm
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Grant_Malcolmson
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Allan_Maling
victoria-cross-recipients                 Wilfred_St._Aubyn_Malleson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Joseph_Malone_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ross_Lowis_Mangles
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_George_Nicholas_Manley
victoria-cross-recipients                 Leslie_Thomas_Manser
victoria-cross-recipients                 Jack_Foreman_Mantle
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Mariner_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Marshall_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Thomas_Marshall
victoria-cross-recipients                 Cyril_Gordon_Martin
victoria-cross-recipients                 Horace_Robert_Martineau
victoria-cross-recipients                 Richard_George_Masters
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Edward_Ignatius_Masterson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Francis_Cornwallis_Maude
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Francis_Maude
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Harold_Broadbent_Maufe
victoria-cross-recipients                 Francis_Aylmer_Maxwell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_May_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Leslie_Cecil_Maygar
victoria-cross-recipients                 Tom_Fletcher_Mayson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Lawrence_Dominic_McCarthy
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Frederick_McCrea
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Fraser_McDonell
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_McDougall_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Stanley_Robert_McDougall
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_McFadzean
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_McGovern_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 David_Stuart_McGregor
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_McGuire_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Imlach_McIntosh
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Burdon_McKean
victoria-cross-recipients                 Albert_Edward_McKenzie
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alan_Arnett_McLeod
victoria-cross-recipients                 Valentine_Munbee_McMaster
victoria-cross-recipients                 Eric_Archibald_McNair
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frank_Hubert_McNamara
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_McNamara_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Carstairs_McNeill
victoria-cross-recipients                 Stewart_McPherson_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Allastair_Malcolm_Cluny_McReady-Diarmid
victoria-cross-recipients                 Matthew_Fontaine_Maury_Meiklejohn
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_John_Melliss
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Henry_Metcalf
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Peniston_Milbanke
victoria-cross-recipients                 Francis_George_Miles
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Miller_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Miller_(VC_1857)
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Miller_(VC_1916)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Johnstone_Milne
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harry_Garnet_Bedford_Miner
victoria-cross-recipients                 Coulson_Norman_Mitchell
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Allan_Mitchell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Samuel_Mitchell_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Molyneux_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Rupert_Vance_Moon
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Raymond_Dallas_Moor
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Thomas_Moore
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hans_Garrett_Moore
victoria-cross-recipients                 Montague_Shadworth_Seymour_Moore
victoria-cross-recipients                 Samuel_Morley_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_John_Mott
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harold_Sandford_Mugford
victoria-cross-recipients                 Kenneth_Muir_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Mullin_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Herbert_Mullins
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Munro_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Michael_Murphy_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Murphy_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Murray_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Murray_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edgar_Kinghorn_Myles
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Nash
victoria-cross-recipients                 Philip_Neame
victoria-cross-recipients                 Samuel_Needham
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Neely
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Newell
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Newland
victoria-cross-recipients                 Moana-Nui-a-Kiwa_Ngarimu
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harry_Nicholls
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Norman
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Norwood
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Ockendon
victoria-cross-recipients                 Luke_O'Connor
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Odgers
victoria-cross-recipients                 Timothy_O'Hea
victoria-cross-recipients                 Christopher_O'Kelly
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Olpherts
victoria-cross-recipients                 Martin_O'Meara
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Onions
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edmund_O'Toole
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Oxenham
victoria-cross-recipients                 Anthony_Palmer
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Park
victoria-cross-recipients                 Keith_Payne
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Pearkes
victoria-cross-recipients                 Walter_Peeler
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Perie
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Pitts
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Pope
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Poulter
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harry_Prendergast
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Prettyjohns
victoria-cross-recipients                 Dighton_Probyn
victoria-cross-recipients                 Joseph_Prosser
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Prowse
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Pye
victoria-cross-recipients                 Lionel_Queripel
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Quigg
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Ramage
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Ratcliffe
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Ravenhill
victoria-cross-recipients                 Claud_Raymond
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Raynor
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Readitt
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ivor_Rees
victoria-cross-recipients                 Lionel_Rees
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Rennie
victoria-cross-recipients                 Douglas_Reynolds
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Ricketts
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Ripley
victoria-cross-recipients                 Jacob_Rivers
victoria-cross-recipients                 Clement_Robertson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Leefe_Robinson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Patrick_Roddy
victoria-cross-recipients                 Matthew_Rosamund
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hugh_Rowlands
victoria-cross-recipients                 David_Rushe
victoria-cross-recipients                 Miles_Ryan
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Ryder
victoria-cross-recipients                 Philip_Salkeld
victoria-cross-recipients                 Nowell_Salmon
victoria-cross-recipients                 Mark_Scholefield
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ernest_Seaman
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Sellar
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Shankland
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hugh_Shaw
victoria-cross-recipients                 Same_(John)_Shaw
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Sherwood-Kelly
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Shields
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Sinnott
victoria-cross-recipients                 Michael_Sleavon
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ernest_Smith
victoria-cross-recipients                 Issy_Smith
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Somers
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Spall
victoria-cross-recipients                 Bill_Speakman
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Spence
victoria-cross-recipients                 Dudley_Stagpoole
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Stanlake
victoria-cross-recipients                 Percy_Statton
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Stokes
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harcus_Strachan
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Stringer
victoria-cross-recipients                 Sefanaia_Sukanaivalu
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edwin_Swales
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ernest_Sykes
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Symons
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Tandey
victoria-cross-recipients                 Christopher_Teesdale
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alexander_Thompson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ross_Tollerton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Tombs
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Towers
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edgar_Towner
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Travers
victoria-cross-recipients                 Richard_Travis
victoria-cross-recipients                 Joseph_Trewavas
victoria-cross-recipients                 Paul_Triquet
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Unwin
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Upham
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Upton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Bernard_Vann
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Vickers
victoria-cross-recipients                 Samuel_Vickery
victoria-cross-recipients                 Richard_Wadeson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Richard_Wakeford
victoria-cross-recipients                 Mark_Walker
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Waller
victoria-cross-recipients                 Horace_Waller
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Walters
victoria-cross-recipients                 Bernard_Warburton-Lee
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Warner
victoria-cross-recipients                 Samuel_Wassall
victoria-cross-recipients                 Tasker_Watkins
victoria-cross-recipients                 Joseph_Watt
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Weale
victoria-cross-recipients                 Kevin_Arthur_Wheatley
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Whirlpool
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harold_Whitfield
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Whitham
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Whittle
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Wilcox
victoria-cross-recipients                 Wilfred_Wood
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Wooden
victoria-cross-recipients                 Theodore_Wright
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Youens
victoria-cross-recipients                 Jack_Youll
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Napier_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Martin_Dunbar-Nasmith
victoria-cross-recipients                 David_Nelson_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Randolph_Cosby_Nesbitt
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Dering_Nettleton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Augustus_Charles_Newman
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Ellis_Newton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_James_Nicholas
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Henry_Snyder_Nickerson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Eric_James_Brindley_Nicolson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Cecil_Reginald_Noble
victoria-cross-recipients                 Gerard_Ross_Norton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Claude_Joseph_Patrick_Nunney
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Edward_Nurse
victoria-cross-recipients                 Michael_John_O'Leary
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_O'Neill_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_William_Ormsby
victoria-cross-recipients                 Michael_James_O'Rourke
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Robert_Osborn
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Osborne_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Gerald_Robert_O'Sullivan
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Owens_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_William_Palmer
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Anthony_Maurice_Palmer
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Park_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Parker_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Walter_Richard_Parker
victoria-cross-recipients                 Samuel_Parkes_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Daniel_Parslow
victoria-cross-recipients                 Francis_Newton_Parsons
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hardy_Falconer_Parsons
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frank_John_Partridge
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Henry_Tatham_Paton
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Paton_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_George_Pattison
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Stanley_Peachment
victoria-cross-recipients                 Samuel_George_Pearse
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Pearson_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Pearson_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Cyrus_Wesley_Peck
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Peel_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Singleton_Pennell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Lord_Henry_Percy
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Thornton_Peters
victoria-cross-recipients                 Everard_Aloysius_Lisle_Phillipps
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Edwin_Phillips
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edmund_Phipps-Hornby
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Frederick_Pickard
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ernest_Herbert_Pitcher
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_William_Pitcher
victoria-cross-recipients                 Basil_Charles_Godfrey_Place
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Oliver_Pollard
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Dalgleish_Pollock
victoria-cross-recipients                 Patrick_Anthony_Porteous
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_William_Owen_Potts
victoria-cross-recipients                 Llewelyn_Alberic_Emilius_Price-Davies
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Pride_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Herbert_Procter
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Tannatt_Pryce
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_James_Raby
victoria-cross-recipients                 Horace_Edward_Ramsden
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Neil_Randle
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harry_Sherwood_Ranken
victoria-cross-recipients                 Reginald_Roy_Rattey
victoria-cross-recipients                 Walter_Leigh_Rayfield
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Crawshaw_Raynes
victoria-cross-recipients                 Anketell_Moutray_Read
victoria-cross-recipients                 Herbert_Taylor_Reade
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hamilton_Lyster_Reed
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Reeves_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Oswald_Austin_Reid
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Reid_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Edward_Rendle
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Alexander_Renny
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Reynolds_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Henry_Reynolds
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Reynolds_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Harold_Rhodes
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Barnard_Rhodes-Moorhouse
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Joseph_Richards
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Herbert_Lindsay_Richardson
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Richardson_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Cleland_Richardson
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Thomas_Rickard
victoria-cross-recipients                 Richard_Kirby_Ridgeway
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Charles_Riggs
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Peel_Ritchie
victoria-cross-recipients                 Walter_Potter_Ritchie
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Robarts_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frank_Crowther_Roberts
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Hugh_Sherston_Roberts
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Roberts,_1st_Earl_Roberts
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Reynolds_Roberts
victoria-cross-recipients                 Peter_Scawen_Watkinson_Roberts
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Graham_Robertson
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Peter_Robertson
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Robertson_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Robinson_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Eric_Gascoigne_Robinson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Howey_Robson
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Rodgers_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Rogers_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Maurice_Albert_Windham_Rogers
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Montresor_Rogers
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Murray_Rolland
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_George_Room
victoria-cross-recipients                 Gerard_Broadmead_Roope
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Ross_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Rowland_Patrick_Roupell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Sir_Charles_Russell,_3rd_Baronet
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Fox-Russell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Smith_Rutherford
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Ruthven_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Ryan_(VC_1857)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Ryan_(VC_1863)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Ryan_(VC_1918)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Edward_Ryder
victoria-cross-recipients                 Clifford_William_King_Sadlier
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Henry_Sage
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_McKenzie_Samson
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Sanders_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Edward_Sanders
victoria-cross-recipients                 Richard_Douglas_Sandford
victoria-cross-recipients                 Wilwood_Alexander_Sandys_Clarke
victoria-cross-recipients                 Euston_Henry_Sartorius
victoria-cross-recipients                 Reginald_William_Sartorius
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Frederick_Saunders
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Alfred_Savage
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_William_Sayer
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Stewart_King_Scarf
victoria-cross-recipients                 Christian_Ferdinand_Schiess
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harry_Norton_Schofield
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Schofield_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Andrew_Scott_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Scott_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_George_Scott
victoria-cross-recipients                 Francis_Alexander_Caron_Scrimger
victoria-cross-recipients                 Derek_Anthony_Seagrim
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Henry_Harrison_Seeley
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Edward_Sephton
victoria-cross-recipients                 Cecil_Harold_Sewell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Richard_Sharpe
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Shaul
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_Haydon_Shebbeare
victoria-cross-recipients                 Albert_Edward_Shepherd
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Sheppard_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Robert_St_Vincent_Sherbrooke
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Henry_Short
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_John_Shout
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Sidney,_1st_Viscount_De_L'Isle
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ellis_Wellwood_Sifton
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Simpson_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Rayene_Stewart_Simpson
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Joseph_Sims
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Alexander_Sinton
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Kendrick_Skinner
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Smith_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Victor_Smith
victoria-cross-recipients                 Archibald_Bisset_Smith
victoria-cross-recipients                 Clement_Leslie_Smith
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Smith_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Philip_Smith_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Augustus_Smith
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Smith_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Smith_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Alexander_Smith
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Smith_(sergeant)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Smith_(private)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Manners_Smith
victoria-cross-recipients                 Sir_John_Smyth,_1st_Baronet
victoria-cross-recipients                 Nevill_Maskelyne_Smyth
victoria-cross-recipients                 Quentin_George_Murray_Smythe
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Edward_Spackman
victoria-cross-recipients                 David_Spence_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Richard_Been_Stannard
victoria-cross-recipients                 Leslie_Thomas_Starcevich
victoria-cross-recipients                 Gordon_Charles_Steele
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Steele_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_George_Drummond_Stewart
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Edwin_Stone
victoria-cross-recipients                 Walter_Napleton_Stone
victoria-cross-recipients                 Percy_Valentine_Storkey
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Strong_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ronald_Niel_Stuart
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frank_Edward_Stubbs
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Percy_Sullivan
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Sullivan_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Sutton_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Henry_Thomas_Sylvester
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_John_Symons
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Edward_Tait
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Taylor_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Temple_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Edward_Talbot_Thackeray
victoria-cross-recipients                 Jacob_Thomas_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Thomas_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Thompson_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_James_Thompson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hugo_Vivian_Hope_Throssell
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Albert_Tilston
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Walderne_St._Clair_Tisdall
victoria-cross-recipients                 Joseph_Harcourt_Tombs
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_George_Topham
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ernest_Beachcroft_Beckwith_Towse
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Maurice_Toye
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_William_Train
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Bernard_Traynor
victoria-cross-recipients                 Leonard_Henry_Trent
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Spottiswoode_Trevor
victoria-cross-recipients                 Lloyd_Allan_Trigg
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frederick_Harold_Tubb
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Youll_Turnbull
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alexander_Buller_Turner
victoria-cross-recipients                 Hanson_Victor_Turner
victoria-cross-recipients                 Richard_Ernest_William_Turner
victoria-cross-recipients                 Samuel_Turner_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Victor_Buller_Turner
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_George_Turrall
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Adam_Tytler
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Franks_Vallentin
victoria-cross-recipients                 Theodore_William_Henry_Veale
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Vereker,_6th_Viscount_Gort
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Geoffrey_Vickers
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_John_Vousden
victoria-cross-recipients                 Richard_William_Leslie_Wain
victoria-cross-recipients                 Adam_Herbert_Wakenshaw
victoria-cross-recipients                 Garth_Neville_Walford
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_George_Walker
victoria-cross-recipients                 Samuel_Thomas_Dickson_Wallace
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Francis_Frederick_Waller
victoria-cross-recipients                 Malcolm_David_Wanklyn
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Ward_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Henry_Ward_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Allen_Ward
victoria-cross-recipients                 Joseph_Ward_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Sidney_William_Ware
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Herbert_Waring
victoria-cross-recipients                 Blair_Anderson_Wark
victoria-cross-recipients                 Reginald_Alexander_John_Warneford
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arnold_Horace_Santo_Waters
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Watson_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Oliver_Cyril_Spencer_Watson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Colclough_Watson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frank_Bernard_Wearne
victoria-cross-recipients                 Lawrence_Carthage_Weathers
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Welch_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harry_Wells_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Ferdinand_Maurice_Felix_West
victoria-cross-recipients                 Richard_Annesley_West
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Basil_Weston
victoria-cross-recipients                 Francis_Wheatley_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Campbell_Wheeler
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Godfrey_Massy_Wheeler
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harry_Frederick_Whitchurch
victoria-cross-recipients                 Albert_White_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Archie_Cecil_Thomas_White
victoria-cross-recipients                 Geoffrey_Saxton_White
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Stuart_White
victoria-cross-recipients                 Jack_White_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Allison_White
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alfred_Robert_Wilkinson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Wilkinson_(VC_1855)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Orde_Lawder_Wilkinson
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Wilkinson_(Royal_Naval_Reserve_officer)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Williams_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Jack_Williams_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Williams_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Charles_Williams
victoria-cross-recipients                 Richard_Raymond_Willis
victoria-cross-recipients                 Sir_Henry_Wilmot,_5th_Baronet
victoria-cross-recipients                 Arthur_Wilson_(Royal_Navy_officer)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Eric_Charles_Twelves_Wilson
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Wilson_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Harry_Blanshard_Wood
victoria-cross-recipients                 Evelyn_Wood_(British_Army_officer)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Augustus_Wood
victoria-cross-recipients                 Joseph_Edward_Woodall
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Woodcock_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Sidney_Clayton_Woodroffe
victoria-cross-recipients                 James_Park_Woods
victoria-cross-recipients                 Geoffrey_Harold_Woolley
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alexander_Wright_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Peter_Harold_Wright
victoria-cross-recipients                 Wallace_Duffield_Wright
victoria-cross-recipients                 George_Harry_Wyatt
victoria-cross-recipients                 Guy_George_Egerton_Wylly
victoria-cross-recipients                 Charles_Allix_Lavington_Yate
victoria-cross-recipients                 Alexander_Young_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Frank_Edward_Young_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 John_Francis_Young
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_Young_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 Thomas_James_Young
victoria-cross-recipients                 William_Young_(VC)
victoria-cross-recipients                 David_Reginald_Younger
victoria-cross-recipients                 Raphael_Louis_Zengel

whitecap-fc-players                       Mouloud_Akloul
whitecap-fc-players                       Etienne_Barbara
whitecap-fc-players                       Fernando_Bonjour
whitecap-fc-players                       Michael_Boxall
whitecap-fc-players                       Jeb_Brovsky
whitecap-fc-players                       Davide_Chiumiento
whitecap-fc-players                       Caleb_Clarke
whitecap-fc-players                       Jun_Marques_Davidson
whitecap-fc-players                       Jay_DeMerit
whitecap-fc-players                       Bilal_Duckett
whitecap-fc-players                       Terry_Dunfield
whitecap-fc-players                       Floyd_Franks
whitecap-fc-players                       Kevin_Harmse
whitecap-fc-players                       Atiba_Harris
whitecap-fc-players                       Jordan_Harvey
whitecap-fc-players                       Eric_Hassli
whitecap-fc-players                       Greg_Janicki
whitecap-fc-players                       Mustapha_Jarju
whitecap-fc-players                       Nizar_Khalfan
whitecap-fc-players                       Greg_Klazura
whitecap-fc-players                       Wes_Knight
whitecap-fc-players                       Brad_Knighton
whitecap-fc-players                       Gershon_Koffie
whitecap-fc-players                       Sébastien_Le_Toux
whitecap-fc-players                       Jonathan_Leathers
whitecap-fc-players                       Darren_Mattocks
whitecap-fc-players                       Kenny_Miller
whitecap-fc-players                       Carlyle_Mitchell
whitecap-fc-players                       Alexandre_Morfaw
whitecap-fc-players                       Michael_Nanchoff
whitecap-fc-players                       Jay_Nolly
whitecap-fc-players                       Dane_Richards
whitecap-fc-players                       Barry_Robson
whitecap-fc-players                       Alain_Rochat
whitecap-fc-players                       Omar_Salgado
whitecap-fc-players                       Shea_Salinas
whitecap-fc-players                       Camilo_Sanvezzo
whitecap-fc-players                       Russell_Teibert
whitecap-fc-players                       John_Thorrington
whitecap-fc-players                       Peter_Vagenas
whitecap-fc-players                       Blake_Wagner
whitecap-fc-players                       Joe_Cannon_(soccer)
whitecap-fc-players                       Lee_Young-Pyo
whitecap-fc-players                       Andy_O'Brien_(footballer)
whitecap-fc-players                       Long_Tan_(footballer)
whitecap-fc-players                       Matt_Watson_(footballer)

hiv-positive-people                       Amanda_Blake
hiv-positive-people                       Jim_J._Bullock
hiv-positive-people                       Merritt_Butrick
hiv-positive-people                       Ian_Charleson
hiv-positive-people                       Brad_Davis_(actor)
hiv-positive-people                       Robert_Drivas
hiv-positive-people                       Denholm_Elliott
hiv-positive-people                       Richard_Frank_(actor)
hiv-positive-people                       Leonard_Frey
hiv-positive-people                       Tom_Fuccello
hiv-positive-people                       Kevin_Peter_Hall
hiv-positive-people                       Christian_Haren
hiv-positive-people                       Rock_Hudson
hiv-positive-people                       Michael_Jeter
hiv-positive-people                       Larry_Kert
hiv-positive-people                       Rémi_Laurent
hiv-positive-people                       Irving_Allen_Lee
hiv-positive-people                       Tom_McBride_(actor)
hiv-positive-people                       John_Megna
hiv-positive-people                       Cookie_Mueller
hiv-positive-people                       Timothy_Patrick_Murphy
hiv-positive-people                       David_Oliver_(actor)
hiv-positive-people                       Ilka_Tanya_Payán
hiv-positive-people                       Anthony_Perkins
hiv-positive-people                       Werner_Pochath
hiv-positive-people                       Keith_Prentice
hiv-positive-people                       Kurt_Raab
hiv-positive-people                       Dack_Rambo
hiv-positive-people                       Gene_Anthony_Ray
hiv-positive-people                       Robert_Reed
hiv-positive-people                       Tony_Richardson
hiv-positive-people                       Larry_Riley_(actor)
hiv-positive-people                       Howard_Rollins
hiv-positive-people                       Tommy_Sexton
hiv-positive-people                       Ray_Sharkey
hiv-positive-people                       Paul_Shenar
hiv-positive-people                       Hugo_Soto_(actor)
hiv-positive-people                       Stephen_Stucker
hiv-positive-people                       Taina_(model)
hiv-positive-people                       Tom_Villard
hiv-positive-people                       Zackie_Achmat
hiv-positive-people                       Rebekka_Armstrong
hiv-positive-people                       Richard_Berkowitz
hiv-positive-people                       Marvelyn_Brown
hiv-positive-people                       Gideon_Byamugisha
hiv-positive-people                       Michael_Callen
hiv-positive-people                       Bobbi_Campbell
hiv-positive-people                       Paddy_Chew
hiv-positive-people                       Dolzura_Cortez
hiv-positive-people                       Joey_DiPaolo
hiv-positive-people                       Robert_Frascino
hiv-positive-people                       Stephen_Gendin
hiv-positive-people                       Alison_Gertz
hiv-positive-people                       Elizabeth_Glaser
hiv-positive-people                       Bob_Hattoy
hiv-positive-people                       Nkosi_Johnson
hiv-positive-people                       Cleve_Jones
hiv-positive-people                       Cass_Mann
hiv-positive-people                       Rosa_Martínez_and_Eliana_Martínez
hiv-positive-people                       Simon_Nkoli
hiv-positive-people                       Ray_brothers
hiv-positive-people                       Jorge_Saavedra
hiv-positive-people                       Pedro_Julio_Serrano
hiv-positive-people                       Beatrice_Were
hiv-positive-people                       Ryan_White
hiv-positive-people                       Vasily_Aleksanyan
hiv-positive-people                       Stephen_D._Hassenfeld
hiv-positive-people                       Chuck_Holmes_(entrepreneur)
hiv-positive-people                       Steve_Rubell
hiv-positive-people                       Sean_Strub
hiv-positive-people                       Johnson_Aziga
hiv-positive-people                       Nadja_Benaissa
hiv-positive-people                       R._v._Cuerrier
hiv-positive-people                       Carl_Leone
hiv-positive-people                       Andre_Chad_Parenzee
hiv-positive-people                       Trevis_Smith
hiv-positive-people                       Nushawn_Williams
hiv-positive-people                       Peter_Adair
hiv-positive-people                       Néstor_Almendros
hiv-positive-people                       Emile_Ardolino
hiv-positive-people                       Howard_Ashman
hiv-positive-people                       Rob_Astbury
hiv-positive-people                       Dave_Brindle
hiv-positive-people                       David_Brudnoy
hiv-positive-people                       Tom_Cassidy_(journalist)
hiv-positive-people                       Kenny_Everett
hiv-positive-people                       Vincent_Hanley
hiv-positive-people                       Colin_Higgins
hiv-positive-people                       Richard_Hunt_(puppeteer)
hiv-positive-people                       Derek_Jarman
hiv-positive-people                       Peter_Jepson-Young
hiv-positive-people                       Melvin_Lindsey
hiv-positive-people                       Roy_London
hiv-positive-people                       Lance_Loud
hiv-positive-people                       James_K._Lyons
hiv-positive-people                       Michael_McDowell_(author)
hiv-positive-people                       Andy_Milligan
hiv-positive-people                       Norman_René
hiv-positive-people                       Marlon_Riggs
hiv-positive-people                       Max_Robinson
hiv-positive-people                       Anthony_Sabatino
hiv-positive-people                       Murray_Salem
hiv-positive-people                       Bill_Sherwood
hiv-positive-people                       Jack_Smith_(film_director)
hiv-positive-people                       Michael_Sundin
hiv-positive-people                       Joseph_Vásquez
hiv-positive-people                       Pedro_Zamora
hiv-positive-people                       Peter_Allen
hiv-positive-people                       Andy_Bell_(singer)
hiv-positive-people                       Black_Randy
hiv-positive-people                       Jorge_Bolet
hiv-positive-people                       Cazuza
hiv-positive-people                       Stuart_Challender
hiv-positive-people                       David_Cole_(producer)
hiv-positive-people                       Patrick_Cowley
hiv-positive-people                       Robbin_Crosby
hiv-positive-people                       Tony_De_Vit
hiv-positive-people                       Bobby_DeBarge
hiv-positive-people                       Paul_Delph
hiv-positive-people                       Kiki_Djan
hiv-positive-people                       Eazy-E
hiv-positive-people                       Youri_Egorov
hiv-positive-people                       Patrick_Esposito_Di_Napoli
hiv-positive-people                       Tom_Fogerty
hiv-positive-people                       Andy_Fraser
hiv-positive-people                       Ray_Gillen
hiv-positive-people                       Paul_Giovanni
hiv-positive-people                       Kenny_Greene
hiv-positive-people                       Howard_Greenfield
hiv-positive-people                       Steven_Grossman_(musician)
hiv-positive-people                       Calvin_Hampton
hiv-positive-people                       Dan_Hartman
hiv-positive-people                       Ofra_Haza
hiv-positive-people                       Jerry_Herman
hiv-positive-people                       Fred_Hersch
hiv-positive-people                       Paul_Jabara
hiv-positive-people                       Paul_Jacobs_(pianist)
hiv-positive-people                       Jobriath
hiv-positive-people                       Holly_Johnson
hiv-positive-people                       Bernard_Kabanda
hiv-positive-people                       Fela_Kuti
hiv-positive-people                       Héctor_Lavoe
hiv-positive-people                       Paul_Lekakis
hiv-positive-people                       Liberace
hiv-positive-people                       Andreas_Lundstedt
hiv-positive-people                       Philly_Lutaaya
hiv-positive-people                       Billy_Lyall
hiv-positive-people                       Jimmy_McShane
hiv-positive-people                       Freddie_Mercury
hiv-positive-people                       Jacques_Morali
hiv-positive-people                       Alan_Murphy
hiv-positive-people                       Klaus_Nomi
hiv-positive-people                       Stephen_Oliver_(composer)
hiv-positive-people                       Chuck_Panozzo
hiv-positive-people                       Lonnie_Pitchford
hiv-positive-people                       Louis_Hendrik_Potgieter
hiv-positive-people                       Sharon_Redd
hiv-positive-people                       Scott_Ross_(harpsichordist)
hiv-positive-people                       Frankie_Ruiz
hiv-positive-people                       Arthur_Russell_(musician)
hiv-positive-people                       Renato_Russo
hiv-positive-people                       Gil_Scott-Heron
hiv-positive-people                       Mano_Solo
hiv-positive-people                       Jermaine_Stewart
hiv-positive-people                       Sylvester_(singer)
hiv-positive-people                       Umanji
hiv-positive-people                       António_Variações
hiv-positive-people                       Ricky_Wilson_(American_musician)
hiv-positive-people                       Man_2_Man
hiv-positive-people                       Zombo
hiv-positive-people                       Edwin_Cameron
hiv-positive-people                       Roy_Cohn
hiv-positive-people                       Brian_Coyle
hiv-positive-people                       Terry_Dolan_(activist)
hiv-positive-people                       James_K._Dressel
hiv-positive-people                       Thomas_Duane
hiv-positive-people                       Nicholas_Eden,_2nd_Earl_of_Avon
hiv-positive-people                       Paul_Gann
hiv-positive-people                       Greg_Harris_(Illinois)
hiv-positive-people                       Richard_A._Heyman
hiv-positive-people                       Ryuhei_Kawada
hiv-positive-people                       Michael_Kühnen
hiv-positive-people                       Makgatho_Mandela
hiv-positive-people                       Larry_McKeon
hiv-positive-people                       Stewart_McKinney_(politician)
hiv-positive-people                       Rand_Schrader
hiv-positive-people                       Chris_Smith,_Baron_Smith_of_Finsbury
hiv-positive-people                       Mark_Anthony_(pornographic_actor)
hiv-positive-people                       Brooke_Ashley
hiv-positive-people                       Dawson_(pornographic_actor)
hiv-positive-people                       Tricia_Devereaux
hiv-positive-people                       Karen_Dior
hiv-positive-people                       Casey_Donovan_(actor)
hiv-positive-people                       Brett_Ford_(pornographic_actor)
hiv-positive-people                       Matt_Gunther
hiv-positive-people                       John_Holmes_(pornographic_actor)
hiv-positive-people                       Darren_James
hiv-positive-people                       Kurt_Marshall
hiv-positive-people                       Wade_Nichols
hiv-positive-people                       Scott_O'Hara
hiv-positive-people                       Brad_Peters
hiv-positive-people                       Al_Parker
hiv-positive-people                       Rod_Phillips_(pornographic_actor)
hiv-positive-people                       Johnny_Rahm
hiv-positive-people                       Erik_Rhodes_(pornographic_actor)
hiv-positive-people                       Lara_Roxx
hiv-positive-people                       Aiden_Shaw
hiv-positive-people                       Joe_Simmons_(pornographic_actor)
hiv-positive-people                       John_Stagliano
hiv-positive-people                       Joey_Stefano
hiv-positive-people                       Marc_Stevens_(pornographic_actor)
hiv-positive-people                       Eric_Stryker
hiv-positive-people                       Cole_Tucker
hiv-positive-people                       Marc_Wallice
hiv-positive-people                       Josh_Weston
hiv-positive-people                       Mason_Wyler
hiv-positive-people                       Kimberly_Bergalis
hiv-positive-people                       Gaëtan_Dugas
hiv-positive-people                       Arvid_Noe
hiv-positive-people                       Grethe_Rask
hiv-positive-people                       Robert_R.
hiv-positive-people                       Arthur_Ashe
hiv-positive-people                       Mike_Beuttler
hiv-positive-people                       Glenn_Burke
hiv-positive-people                       John_Curry
hiv-positive-people                       Esteban_de_Jesús
hiv-positive-people                       Rudy_Galindo
hiv-positive-people                       Bill_Goldsworthy
hiv-positive-people                       Magic_Johnson
hiv-positive-people                       Job_Komol
hiv-positive-people                       Greg_Louganis
hiv-positive-people                       Robert_McCall_(figure_skater)
hiv-positive-people                       Ondrej_Nepela
hiv-positive-people                       Tim_Richmond
hiv-positive-people                       Roy_Simmons
hiv-positive-people                       Jerry_Smith_(American_football)
hiv-positive-people                       Tom_Waddell
hiv-positive-people                       Robert_Wagenhoffer
hiv-positive-people                       Ji_Wallace
hiv-positive-people                       Michael_Westphal
hiv-positive-people                       Alan_Wiggins
hiv-positive-people                       Alvin_Ailey
hiv-positive-people                       A._J._Antoon
hiv-positive-people                       Rick_Aviles
hiv-positive-people                       Tony_Azito
hiv-positive-people                       Alan_Bowne
hiv-positive-people                       Michael_Bennett
hiv-positive-people                       Christopher_Chadman
hiv-positive-people                       Gerald_Chapman_(director)
hiv-positive-people                       Robert_Chesley
hiv-positive-people                       Dorian_Corey
hiv-positive-people                       Martin_de_Maat
hiv-positive-people                       Jorge_Donn
hiv-positive-people                       Ulysses_Dove
hiv-positive-people                       Ethyl_Eichelberger
hiv-positive-people                       Wayland_Flowers
hiv-positive-people                       Christopher_Gillis
hiv-positive-people                       Goh_Choo_San
hiv-positive-people                       Hibiscus_(entertainer)
hiv-positive-people                       René_Highway
hiv-positive-people                       John_Hirsch
hiv-positive-people                       Robert_Joffrey
hiv-positive-people                       Gibson_Kente
hiv-positive-people                       Lady_Catiria
hiv-positive-people                       Charles_Ludlam
hiv-positive-people                       Thom_McGinty
hiv-positive-people                       Jean-Louis_Morin_(dancer)
hiv-positive-people                       Willi_Ninja
hiv-positive-people                       Rudolf_Nureyev
hiv-positive-people                       RuPaul's_Drag_Race
hiv-positive-people                       Michael_Peters
hiv-positive-people                       Craig_Russell_(actor)
hiv-positive-people                       John_Sex
hiv-positive-people                       Ron_Vawter
hiv-positive-people                       Anji_Xtravaganza
hiv-positive-people                       Arnie_Zane
hiv-positive-people                       Carlos_Almaraz
hiv-positive-people                       Mario_Amaya
hiv-positive-people                       Richard_Amsel
hiv-positive-people                       Joe_Average
hiv-positive-people                       Way_Bandy
hiv-positive-people                       Crawford_Barton
hiv-positive-people                       Tom_Bianchi
hiv-positive-people                       Leigh_Bowery
hiv-positive-people                       Gia_Carangi
hiv-positive-people                       Tina_Chow
hiv-positive-people                       Perry_Ellis_(fashion_designer)
hiv-positive-people                       Vincent_Fourcade
hiv-positive-people                       Félix_González-Torres
hiv-positive-people                       Halston
hiv-positive-people                       Keith_Haring
hiv-positive-people                       Sighsten_Herrgård
hiv-positive-people                       Peter_Hujar
hiv-positive-people                       Patrick_Kelly_(fashion_designer)
hiv-positive-people                       John_Kobal
hiv-positive-people                       Robert_Mapplethorpe
hiv-positive-people                       Frank_C._Moore_(painter)
hiv-positive-people                       Tommy_Nutter
hiv-positive-people                       Gustavo_Ojeda
hiv-positive-people                       General_Idea
hiv-positive-people                       Joel_Resnicoff
hiv-positive-people                       Herb_Ritts
hiv-positive-people                       David_Seidner
hiv-positive-people                       Willi_Smith
hiv-positive-people                       David_Wojnarowicz
hiv-positive-people                       Gordon_Stewart_Anderson
hiv-positive-people                       Reinaldo_Arenas
hiv-positive-people                       Jean-Paul_Aron
hiv-positive-people                       Isaac_Asimov
hiv-positive-people                       Simon_Bailey
hiv-positive-people                       John_Boswell
hiv-positive-people                       Harold_Brodkey
hiv-positive-people                       Bruce_Chatwin
hiv-positive-people                       Cyril_Collard
hiv-positive-people                       Timothy_Conigrave
hiv-positive-people                       Sam_D'Allesandro
hiv-positive-people                       Serge_Daney
hiv-positive-people                       Nicholas_Dante
hiv-positive-people                       Tory_Dent
hiv-positive-people                       David_B._Feinberg
hiv-positive-people                       Michel_Foucault
hiv-positive-people                       Jaime_Gil_de_Biedma
hiv-positive-people                       Hervé_Guibert
hiv-positive-people                       Essex_Hemphill
hiv-positive-people                       Guy_Hocquenghem
hiv-positive-people                       Arturo_Islas
hiv-positive-people                       Larry_Kramer
hiv-positive-people                       Didier_Lestrade
hiv-positive-people                       Arnold_Lobel
hiv-positive-people                       Peter_McGehee
hiv-positive-people                       Peter_McWilliams
hiv-positive-people                       James_Merrill
hiv-positive-people                       Ernest_Matthew_Mickler
hiv-positive-people                       Paul_Monette
hiv-positive-people                       John_Preston_(author)
hiv-positive-people                       Manuel_Ramos_Otero
hiv-positive-people                       Vito_Russo
hiv-positive-people                       Barbara_Samson
hiv-positive-people                       Severo_Sarduy
hiv-positive-people                       Dick_Scanlan
hiv-positive-people                       Nicholas_Schaffner
hiv-positive-people                       Jay_Scott
hiv-positive-people                       Randy_Shilts
hiv-positive-people                       Ian_Stephens_(poet)
hiv-positive-people                       Andrew_Sullivan
hiv-positive-people                       Pier_Vittorio_Tondelli
hiv-positive-people                       Yvonne_Vera
hiv-positive-people                       Matthew_Ward_(writer)
hiv-positive-people                       Edmund_White
hiv-positive-people                       LeRoy_Whitfield
hiv-positive-people                       Alexander_Wilson_(writer)
hiv-positive-people                       Sheldon_Andelson
hiv-positive-people                       Victoria_Arellano
hiv-positive-people                       Kuwasi_Balagoon
hiv-positive-people                       Nozipho_Bhengu
hiv-positive-people                       Same-sex_marriage_in_Argentina
hiv-positive-people                       Dean_Faiello
hiv-positive-people                       Althea_Flynt
hiv-positive-people                       Xavier_Fourcade
hiv-positive-people                       Kendall_Francois
hiv-positive-people                       Eve_van_Grafhorst
hiv-positive-people                       David_Hampton
hiv-positive-people                       Terry_Higgins
hiv-positive-people                       Gervase_Jackson-Stops
hiv-positive-people                       Michael_Lupo
hiv-positive-people                       Christine_Maggiore
hiv-positive-people                       Steve_Maidhof
hiv-positive-people                       Leonard_Matlovich
hiv-positive-people                       Kongulu_Mobutu
hiv-positive-people                       Ed_Savitz
hiv-positive-people                       Michael_Shernoff
hiv-positive-people                       Lucille_Teasdale-Corti
hiv-positive-people                       Ösel_Tendzin
hiv-positive-people                       Ottis_Toole

premiers-of-bc                            John_Foster_McCreight
premiers-of-bc                            Amor_De_Cosmos
premiers-of-bc                            George_Anthony_Walkem
premiers-of-bc                            Andrew_Charles_Elliott
premiers-of-bc                            Robert_Beaven
premiers-of-bc                            William_Smithe
premiers-of-bc                            Alexander_Edmund_Batson_Davie
premiers-of-bc                            Theodore_Davie
premiers-of-bc                            John_Herbert_Turner
premiers-of-bc                            Charles_Augustus_Semlin
premiers-of-bc                            James_Dunsmuir
premiers-of-bc                            Edward_Gawler_Prior
premiers-of-bc                            Richard_McBride
premiers-of-bc                            William_John_Bowser
premiers-of-bc                            Harlan_Carey_Brewster
premiers-of-bc                            John_Duncan_MacLean
premiers-of-bc                            Simon_Fraser_Tolmie
premiers-of-bc                            Thomas_Dufferin_Pattullo
premiers-of-bc                            Byron_Ingemar_Johnson
premiers-of-bc                            W._A._C._Bennett
premiers-of-bc                            Dave_Barrett
premiers-of-bc                            Bill_Bennett
premiers-of-bc                            Bill_Vander_Zalm
premiers-of-bc                            Rita_Johnston
premiers-of-bc                            Mike_Harcourt
premiers-of-bc                            Glen_Clark
premiers-of-bc                            Ujjal_Dosanjh
premiers-of-bc                            Gordon_Campbell_(Canadian_politician)
premiers-of-bc                            Christy_Clark
premiers-of-bc                            John_Robson_(politician)
premiers-of-bc                            Joseph_Martin_(Canadian_politician)
premiers-of-bc                            John_Oliver_(politician)
premiers-of-bc                            John_Hart_(Canadian_politician)
premiers-of-bc                            Dan_Miller_(Canadian_politician)

moons-of-saturn                           S/2009_S_1
moons-of-saturn                           Pan_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Daphnis_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Atlas_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Prometheus_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Pandora_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Epimetheus_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Janus_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Aegaeon_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Mimas_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Methone_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Anthe_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Pallene_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Enceladus_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Tethys_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Telesto_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Calypso_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Dione_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Helene_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Polydeuces_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Rhea_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Titan_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Hyperion_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Iapetus_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Kiviuq_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Ijiraq_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Phoebe_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Paaliaq_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Skathi_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Albiorix_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           S/2007_S_2
moons-of-saturn                           Bebhionn_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Erriapus_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Skoll_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Siarnaq_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Tarqeq_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           S/2004_S_13
moons-of-saturn                           Greip_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Hyrrokkin_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Jarnsaxa_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Tarvos_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Mundilfari_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           S/2006_S_1
moons-of-saturn                           S/2004_S_17
moons-of-saturn                           Bergelmir_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Narvi_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Suttungr_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Hati_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           S/2004_S_12
moons-of-saturn                           Farbauti_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Thrymr_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Aegir_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           S/2007_S_3
moons-of-saturn                           Bestla_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           S/2004_S_7
moons-of-saturn                           S/2006_S_3
moons-of-saturn                           Fenrir_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Surtur_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Kari_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Ymir_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Loge_(moon)
moons-of-saturn                           Fornjot_(moon)

aol-acquisitions                          BookLink
aol-acquisitions                          NaviSoft
aol-acquisitions                          Medior
aol-acquisitions                          Johnson-Grace
aol-acquisitions                          ImagiNation_Network
aol-acquisitions                          Global_Network_Navigator
aol-acquisitions                          CompuServe
aol-acquisitions                          Personal_Library_Software
aol-acquisitions                          Netscape
aol-acquisitions                          Moviefone
aol-acquisitions                          Nullsoft
aol-acquisitions                          Spinner.com
aol-acquisitions                          Gateway,_Inc.
aol-acquisitions                          Tegic
aol-acquisitions                          MapQuest
aol-acquisitions                          Quack.com
aol-acquisitions                          IAmaze
aol-acquisitions                          InfoInterActive
aol-acquisitions                          EVoice
aol-acquisitions                          Singingfish
aol-acquisitions                          Advertising.com
aol-acquisitions                          MailBlocks
aol-acquisitions                          Wildseed
aol-acquisitions                          Weblogs,_Inc.
aol-acquisitions                          Truveo
aol-acquisitions                          Lightningcast
aol-acquisitions                          Userplane
aol-acquisitions                          GameDaily
aol-acquisitions                          Relegence
aol-acquisitions                          Third_Screen_Media
aol-acquisitions                          Adtech
aol-acquisitions                          Tacoda
aol-acquisitions                          Quigo
aol-acquisitions                          Buy.at
aol-acquisitions                          Bebo
aol-acquisitions                          Patch_Media
aol-acquisitions                          TechCrunch
aol-acquisitions                          About.me
aol-acquisitions                          The_Huffington_Post
aol-acquisitions                          Wide_area_information_server#People
aol-acquisitions                          Ubique_(company)
aol-acquisitions                          Mirabilis_(company)
aol-acquisitions                          Xdrive_(website)
aol-acquisitions                          Sphere_(website)

first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Martha_Washington
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Abigail_Adams
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Martha_Wayles_Skelton_Jefferson
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Martha_Jefferson_Randolph
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Dolley_Madison
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Elizabeth_Monroe
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Louisa_Adams
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Rachel_Jackson
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Emily_Donelson
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Sarah_Yorke_Jackson
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Hannah_Van_Buren
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Angelica_Singleton_Van_Buren
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Anna_Harrison
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Letitia_Christian_Tyler
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Priscilla_Cooper_Tyler
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Julia_Gardiner_Tyler
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Sarah_Childress_Polk
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Margaret_Taylor
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Abigail_Fillmore
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Jane_Pierce
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Harriet_Lane
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Mary_Todd_Lincoln
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Eliza_McCardle_Johnson
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Julia_Grant
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Lucy_Webb_Hayes
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Lucretia_Garfield
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Ellen_Lewis_Herndon_Arthur
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Mary_Arthur_McElroy
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Rose_Cleveland
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Frances_Folsom_Cleveland_Preston
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Caroline_Harrison
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Mary_Harrison_McKee
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Ida_Saxton_McKinley
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Edith_Roosevelt
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Helen_Herron_Taft
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Ellen_Axson_Wilson
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Margaret_Woodrow_Wilson
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Edith_Bolling_Galt_Wilson
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Florence_Harding
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Grace_Coolidge
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Lou_Henry_Hoover
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Eleanor_Roosevelt
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Bess_Truman
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Mamie_Eisenhower
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Jacqueline_Kennedy_Onassis
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Lady_Bird_Johnson
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Pat_Nixon
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Betty_Ford
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Rosalynn_Carter
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Nancy_Reagan
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Barbara_Bush
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Hillary_Rodham_Clinton
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Laura_Bush
first-ladies-of-the-united-states         Michelle_Obama

nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Albania
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Algeria
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       American_Samoa
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Andorra
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Argentina
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Armenia
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Australia
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Austria
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Azerbaijan
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Belarus
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Belgium
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Bermuda
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Bolivia
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Bosnia_and_Herzegovina
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Brazil
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       British_Virgin_Islands
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Bulgaria
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Cameroon
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Canada
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Cayman_Islands
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Chile
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       People's_Republic_of_China
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Chinese_Taipei
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Colombia
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Costa_Rica
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Croatia
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Cyprus
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Czech_Republic
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Kingdom_of_Denmark
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Egypt
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Estonia
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Ethiopia
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Fiji
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Finland
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       France
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Georgia
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Federal_Republic_of_Germany
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Ghana
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Great_Britain
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Greece
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Guam
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Guatemala
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Honduras
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Hong_Kong_Special_Administrative_Region
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Hungary
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Iceland
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       India
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Iran
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Ireland
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Israel
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Italy
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Jamaica
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Japan
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Kazakhstan
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Kenya
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       North_Korea
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       South_Korea
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Kyrgyzstan
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Latvia
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Lebanon
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Liechtenstein
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Lithuania
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Luxembourg
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Macedonia
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Madagascar
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Mexico
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Moldova
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Monaco
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Mongolia
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Montenegro
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Morocco
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Nepal
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Netherlands
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       New_Zealand
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Norway
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Pakistan
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Peru
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Republic_of_the_Philippines
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Poland
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Portugal
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Puerto_Rico
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Romania
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Russian_Federation
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       San_Marino
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Senegal
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Serbia
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Slovakia
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Slovenia
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       South_Africa
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Spain
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Swaziland
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Sweden
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Switzerland
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Tajikistan
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Thailand
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Trinidad_and_Tobago
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Turkey
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Ukraine
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       United_States
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Uruguay
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Uzbekistan
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Venezuela
nations-at-the-winter-olympic-games       Virgin_Islands

san-jose-sharks-players                   Ed_Belfour
san-jose-sharks-players                   Brian_Boucher
san-jose-sharks-players                   Wade_Flaherty
san-jose-sharks-players                   Sean_Gauthier
san-jose-sharks-players                   Thomas_Greiss
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jeff_Hackett
san-jose-sharks-players                   Brian_Hayward
san-jose-sharks-players                   Kelly_Hrudey
san-jose-sharks-players                   Artūrs_Irbe
san-jose-sharks-players                   Miikka_Kiprusoff
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jason_Muzzatti
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jarmo_Myllys
san-jose-sharks-players                   Evgeni_Nabokov
san-jose-sharks-players                   Antero_Niittymäki
san-jose-sharks-players                   Geoff_Sarjeant
san-jose-sharks-players                   Nolan_Schaefer
san-jose-sharks-players                   Alex_Stalock
san-jose-sharks-players                   Chris_Terreri
san-jose-sharks-players                   Vesa_Toskala
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jimmy_Waite
san-jose-sharks-players                   Niklas_Andersson
san-jose-sharks-players                   Steve_Bancroft
san-jose-sharks-players                   Don_Barber
san-jose-sharks-players                   Sergei_Bautin
san-jose-sharks-players                   Robin_Bawa
san-jose-sharks-players                   Mark_Beaufait
san-jose-sharks-players                   Perry_Berezan
san-jose-sharks-players                   Steve_Bernier
san-jose-sharks-players                   Rob_Blake
san-jose-sharks-players                   Doug_Bodger
san-jose-sharks-players                   Brad_Boyes
san-jose-sharks-players                   Steve_Bozek
san-jose-sharks-players                   Matt_Bradley
san-jose-sharks-players                   Rich_Brennan
san-jose-sharks-players                   Brent_Burns
san-jose-sharks-players                   Shawn_Burr
san-jose-sharks-players                   Vyacheslav_Butsayev
san-jose-sharks-players                   Ilya_Byakin
san-jose-sharks-players                   Lyndon_Byers
san-jose-sharks-players                   Joe_Callahan
san-jose-sharks-players                   Brian_Campbell
san-jose-sharks-players                   Dave_Capuano
san-jose-sharks-players                   Matt_Carkner
san-jose-sharks-players                   Matt_Carle
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jonathan_Cheechoo
san-jose-sharks-players                   Ryane_Clowe
san-jose-sharks-players                   Mike_Colman
san-jose-sharks-players                   Yvon_Corriveau
san-jose-sharks-players                   Ed_Courtenay
san-jose-sharks-players                   Logan_Couture
san-jose-sharks-players                   Craig_Coxe
san-jose-sharks-players                   Mike_Craig
san-jose-sharks-players                   Dale_Craigwell
san-jose-sharks-players                   Murray_Craven
san-jose-sharks-players                   Shawn_Cronin
san-jose-sharks-players                   Vincent_Damphousse
san-jose-sharks-players                   Mathieu_Darche
san-jose-sharks-players                   Rob_Davison
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jason_Demers
san-jose-sharks-players                   Larry_DePalma
san-jose-sharks-players                   Andrew_Desjardins
san-jose-sharks-players                   Niko_Dimitrakos
san-jose-sharks-players                   Bobby_Dollas
san-jose-sharks-players                   Shean_Donovan
san-jose-sharks-players                   Christian_Ehrhoff
san-jose-sharks-players                   Nils_Ekman
san-jose-sharks-players                   Todd_Elik
san-jose-sharks-players                   Gary_Emmons
san-jose-sharks-players                   Bob_Errey
san-jose-sharks-players                   Dean_Evason
san-jose-sharks-players                   Todd_Ewen
san-jose-sharks-players                   Pat_Falloon
san-jose-sharks-players                   Benn_Ferriero
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jesse_Fibiger
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jeff_Friesen
san-jose-sharks-players                   T._J._Galiardi
san-jose-sharks-players                   Rob_Gaudreau
san-jose-sharks-players                   Todd_Gill
san-jose-sharks-players                   Marcel_Goc
san-jose-sharks-players                   Josh_Gorges
san-jose-sharks-players                   Tony_Granato
san-jose-sharks-players                   Adam_Graves
san-jose-sharks-players                   Mike_Grier
san-jose-sharks-players                   Bill_Guerin
san-jose-sharks-players                   Steve_Guolla
san-jose-sharks-players                   Scott_Hannan
san-jose-sharks-players                   Todd_Harvey
san-jose-sharks-players                   Greg_Hawgood
san-jose-sharks-players                   Dany_Heatley
san-jose-sharks-players                   Shawn_Heins
san-jose-sharks-players                   Dwight_Helminen
san-jose-sharks-players                   Alex_Hicks
san-jose-sharks-players                   Bill_Houlder
san-jose-sharks-players                   Tony_Hrkac
san-jose-sharks-players                   Kent_Huskins
san-jose-sharks-players                   Mike_Iggulden
san-jose-sharks-players                   Craig_Janney
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jeff_Jillson
san-jose-sharks-players                   Derek_Joslin
san-jose-sharks-players                   Dean_Kolstad
san-jose-sharks-players                   Alexander_Korolyuk
san-jose-sharks-players                   Viktor_Kozlov
san-jose-sharks-players                   Ryan_Kraft
san-jose-sharks-players                   Mikhail_Kravets
san-jose-sharks-players                   Vlastimil_Kroupa
san-jose-sharks-players                   Paul_Kruse
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jim_Kyte
san-jose-sharks-players                   Josh_Langfeld
san-jose-sharks-players                   Peter_Lappin
san-jose-sharks-players                   Igor_Larionov
san-jose-sharks-players                   Brian_Lawton
san-jose-sharks-players                   Claude_Lemieux
san-jose-sharks-players                   Rick_Lessard
san-jose-sharks-players                   Bill_Lindsay
san-jose-sharks-players                   Chris_LiPuma
san-jose-sharks-players                   Dave_Lowry
san-jose-sharks-players                   Lynn_Loyns
san-jose-sharks-players                   Brad_Lukowich
san-jose-sharks-players                   Pat_MacLeod
san-jose-sharks-players                   Sergei_Makarov
san-jose-sharks-players                   David_Maley
san-jose-sharks-players                   Manny_Malhotra
san-jose-sharks-players                   Bryan_Marchment
san-jose-sharks-players                   Patrick_Marleau
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jason_Marshall
san-jose-sharks-players                   Brandon_Mashinter
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jamal_Mayers
san-jose-sharks-players                   Alyn_McCauley
san-jose-sharks-players                   Hubie_McDonough
san-jose-sharks-players                   Bob_McGill
san-jose-sharks-players                   Dan_McGillis
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jamie_McGinn
san-jose-sharks-players                   Mike_McHugh
san-jose-sharks-players                   Kyle_McLaren
san-jose-sharks-players                   Frazer_McLaren
san-jose-sharks-players                   Marty_McSorley
san-jose-sharks-players                   Kip_Miller
san-jose-sharks-players                   Torrey_Mitchell
san-jose-sharks-players                   Travis_Moen
san-jose-sharks-players                   Dominic_Moore
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jayson_More
san-jose-sharks-players                   Brian_Mullen
san-jose-sharks-players                   Brantt_Myhres
san-jose-sharks-players                   Scott_Nichol
san-jose-sharks-players                   Bernie_Nicholls
san-jose-sharks-players                   Ville_Nieminen
san-jose-sharks-players                   Owen_Nolan
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jeff_Norton
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jed_Ortmeyer
san-jose-sharks-players                   Sandis_Ozoliņš
san-jose-sharks-players                   Mark_Pavelich
san-jose-sharks-players                   Joe_Pavelski
san-jose-sharks-players                   Mark_Pederson
san-jose-sharks-players                   Tom_Pederson
san-jose-sharks-players                   Ville_Peltonen
san-jose-sharks-players                   Michel_Picard
san-jose-sharks-players                   Barry_Potomski
san-jose-sharks-players                   Tom_Preissing
san-jose-sharks-players                   Wayne_Presley
san-jose-sharks-players                   Wayne_Primeau
san-jose-sharks-players                   Marcus_Ragnarsson
san-jose-sharks-players                   Mike_Rathje
san-jose-sharks-players                   Mike_Ricci
san-jose-sharks-players                   Patrick_Rissmiller
san-jose-sharks-players                   Craig_Rivet
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jeremy_Roenick
san-jose-sharks-players                   Bob_Rouse
san-jose-sharks-players                   Claudio_Scremin
san-jose-sharks-players                   Alexei_Semenov
san-jose-sharks-players                   Devin_Setoguchi
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jody_Shelley
san-jose-sharks-players                   Ray_Sheppard
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jarrod_Skalde
san-jose-sharks-players                   Petri_Skriko
san-jose-sharks-players                   Dave_Snuggerud
san-jose-sharks-players                   Brad_Staubitz
san-jose-sharks-players                   Ronnie_Stern
san-jose-sharks-players                   Grant_Stevenson
san-jose-sharks-players                   Brad_Stuart
san-jose-sharks-players                   Marco_Sturm
san-jose-sharks-players                   Gary_Suter
san-jose-sharks-players                   Ron_Sutter
san-jose-sharks-players                   Andy_Sutton
san-jose-sharks-players                   Ken_Sutton
san-jose-sharks-players                   Joe_Thornton
san-jose-sharks-players                   Darren_Turcotte
san-jose-sharks-players                   Ryan_Vesce
san-jose-sharks-players                   Niclas_Wallin_
san-jose-sharks-players                   Kyle_Wellwood
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jason_Widmer
san-jose-sharks-players                   Brad_Winchester
san-jose-sharks-players                   Tommy_Wingels
san-jose-sharks-players                   Daniel_Winnik
san-jose-sharks-players                   Chad_Wiseman
san-jose-sharks-players                   Dody_Wood
san-jose-sharks-players                   Steven_Zalewski
san-jose-sharks-players                   Rob_Zettler
san-jose-sharks-players                   Doug_Zmolek
san-jose-sharks-players                   Andrei_Zyuzin
san-jose-sharks-players                   Antti_Niemi_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Dimitri_Pätzold
san-jose-sharks-players                   Steve_Shields_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Mike_Vernon_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Perry_Anderson_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Riley_Armstrong_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Mark_Bell_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Dan_Boyle_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Justin_Braun_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Curtis_Brown_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Dave_Brown_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   David_Bruce_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jan_Čaloun
san-jose-sharks-players                   John_Carter_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Tom_Cavanagh_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Gaétan_Duchesne
san-jose-sharks-players                   Kevin_Evans_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Paul_Fenton_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Iain_Fraser_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Johan_Garpenlöv
san-jose-sharks-players                   Michal_Handzuš
san-jose-sharks-players                   Martin_Havlát
san-jose-sharks-players                   Tim_Hunter_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Hannes_Hyvönen
san-jose-sharks-players                   Lukáš_Kašpar
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jay_Leach_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Stéphane_Matteau
san-jose-sharks-players                   John_McCarthy_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jeff_McLean_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Milan_Michálek
san-jose-sharks-players                   Kevin_Miller_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jim_Montgomery_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Mike_Moore_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jon_Morris_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Joe_Murphy_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Andrew_Murray_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Douglas_Murray_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Jaroslav_Otevřel
san-jose-sharks-players                   Tomáš_Plíhal
san-jose-sharks-players                   Teemu_Selänne
san-jose-sharks-players                   Mark_Smith_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Mike_Sullivan_(ice_hockey_b._1968)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Niklas_Sundström
san-jose-sharks-players                   Michal_Sýkora
san-jose-sharks-players                   Scott_Thornton_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Marc-Édouard_Vlasic
san-jose-sharks-players                   Colin_White_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Ian_White_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Ray_Whitney_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Neil_Wilkinson_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   David_Williams_(ice_hockey)
san-jose-sharks-players                   Doug_Wilson_(ice_hockey)

governors-of-bombay                       Abraham_Shipman
governors-of-bombay                       Humphrey_Cooke
governors-of-bombay                       Gervase_Lucas
governors-of-bombay                       Henry_Gary
governors-of-bombay                       George_Oxeden
governors-of-bombay                       Matthew_Gray_(Governor_of_Bombay)
governors-of-bombay                       Gerald_Aungier
governors-of-bombay                       Sir_Henry_Oxenden,_3rd_Baronet
governors-of-bombay                       Sir_John_Child,_1st_Baronet
governors-of-bombay                       Richard_Keigwin_(Governor_of_Bombay)
governors-of-bombay                       Charles_Zinzan_(Governor_of_Bombay)
governors-of-bombay                       John_Wyborne
governors-of-bombay                       Bartholomew_Harris
governors-of-bombay                       Daniel_Annesley
governors-of-bombay                       John_Gayer
governors-of-bombay                       Nicholas_Waite
governors-of-bombay                       William_Aislabie_(governor)
governors-of-bombay                       Stephen_Strutt
governors-of-bombay                       Charles_Boone_(governor)
governors-of-bombay                       William_Phipps_(Governor_of_Bombay)
governors-of-bombay                       Robert_Cowan
governors-of-bombay                       John_Horne_(Governor_of_Bombay)
governors-of-bombay                       Stephen_Law_(Governor_of_Bombay)
governors-of-bombay                       John_Geekie
governors-of-bombay                       William_Wake_(governor)
governors-of-bombay                       Richard_Bourchier
governors-of-bombay                       John_Holkell
governors-of-bombay                       Charles_Crommelin
governors-of-bombay                       Thomas_Hodges_(Governor_of_Bombay)
governors-of-bombay                       William_Hornby_(governor)
governors-of-bombay                       Rawson_Hart_Boddam
governors-of-bombay                       Andrew_Ramsay_(governor)
governors-of-bombay                       William_Medows
governors-of-bombay                       Robert_Abercromby_of_Airthrey
governors-of-bombay                       George_Dick_(Governor_of_Bombay)
governors-of-bombay                       John_Griffith_(Governor_of_Bombay)
governors-of-bombay                       Jonathan_Duncan_(Governor_of_Bombay)
governors-of-bombay                       G._Brown
governors-of-bombay                       Evan_Nepean
governors-of-bombay                       Mountstuart_Elphinstone
governors-of-bombay                       John_Malcolm
governors-of-bombay                       Thomas_Sydney_Beckwith
governors-of-bombay                       John_Romer_(politician)
governors-of-bombay                       John_FitzGibbon,_2nd_Earl_of_Clare
governors-of-bombay                       Robert_Grant_(MP)
governors-of-bombay                       James_Farish
governors-of-bombay                       James_Rivett_Carnac
governors-of-bombay                       William_Hay_Macnaghten
governors-of-bombay                       George_William_Anderson
governors-of-bombay                       Sir_George_Arthur,_1st_Baronet
governors-of-bombay                       Lestock_Robert_Reid
governors-of-bombay                       George_Russell_Clerk
governors-of-bombay                       Lucius_Cary,_10th_Viscount_Falkland
governors-of-bombay                       John_Elphinstone,_13th_Lord_Elphinstone
governors-of-bombay                       Captain_Henry_Young
governors-of-bombay                       Phillip_Gifford
governors-of-bombay                       Charles_Ward_(Deputy_Governor_of_Bombay)
governors-of-bombay                       John_Vaux
governors-of-bombay                       George_Cooke_(Deputy_Governor_of_Bombay)
governors-of-bombay                       George_Weldon_(Deputy_Governor_of_Bombay)
governors-of-bombay                       Samuel_Burniston_(Deputy_Governor_of_Bombay)
governors-of-bombay                       Henry_Bartle_Frere
governors-of-bombay                       William_Vesey-FitzGerald
governors-of-bombay                       Philip_Edmond_Wodehouse
governors-of-bombay                       Sir_Richard_Temple,_1st_Baronet
governors-of-bombay                       Lionel_Robert_Ashburner
governors-of-bombay                       Sir_James_Fergusson,_6th_Baronet
governors-of-bombay                       James_Braithwaite_Peile
governors-of-bombay                       Donald_Mackay,_11th_Lord_Reay
governors-of-bombay                       George_Harris,_4th_Baron_Harris
governors-of-bombay                       Herbert_Mills_Birdwood
governors-of-bombay                       William_Mansfield,_1st_Viscount_Sandhurst
governors-of-bombay                       Henry_Northcote,_1st_Baron_Northcote
governors-of-bombay                       James_Monteath
governors-of-bombay                       Charles_Cochrane-Baillie,_2nd_Baron_Lamington
governors-of-bombay                       Sir_John_William_Pitt_Muir-Mackenzie
governors-of-bombay                       George_Clarke,_1st_Baron_Sydenham_of_Combe
governors-of-bombay                       Freeman_Freeman-Thomas,_1st_Marquess_of_Willingdon
governors-of-bombay                       George_Lloyd,_1st_Baron_Lloyd
governors-of-bombay                       Maurice_Hayward_(Governor_of_Bombay)
governors-of-bombay                       Leslie_Orme_Wilson
governors-of-bombay                       Henry_Staveley_Lawrence
governors-of-bombay                       Frederick_Sykes
governors-of-bombay                       John_Ernest_Buttery_Hotson
governors-of-bombay                       Michael_Knatchbull,_5th_Baron_Brabourne
governors-of-bombay                       Robert_Duncan_Bell
governors-of-bombay                       Roger_Lumley,_11th_Earl_of_Scarbrough
governors-of-bombay                       John_Colville,_1st_Baron_Clydesmuir
governors-of-bombay                       B._G._Kher
governors-of-bombay                       Raja_Maharaj_Singh
governors-of-bombay                       Girija_Shankar_Bajpai
governors-of-bombay                       Harekrushna_Mahatab
governors-of-bombay                       Sri_Prakasa
